Add support for additional non-printable keys (#731)
sixtyfpsui/sixtyfps: docs/builtin_elements.md

The FocusScope exposes callback to intercept the pressed key when it has focus.

> The KeyEvent has a text property which is a character of the key entered.
> When a non-printable key is pressed, the character will be either a control character,
> or a private unicode character. The special characters are available in the `Keys` namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The KeyEvent has a text property which is a character of the key entered.
When a non-printable key is pressed, the character will be either a control character,
or it will be mapped to a private unicode character. The mapping of these non-printable, special characters is available in the `Keys` namespace
```
